Update broken link in getting started.md (#80)
navapbc/oscer: README.md

## Documentation

> - **[Getting Started]([docs/how-to-guides/](https://github.com/navapbc/oscer/blob/main/docs/how-to-guides/)** - Instructions for getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Getting Started](docs/how-to-guides/getting-started.md)** - Instructions for getting started
```
